chore: rename import path, fix gid bug, fix license (#4)
coder/exectrace: README.md

# exectrace [![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/coder/exectrace.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/exectrace)

Simple [eBPF](https://ebpf.io/)-based exec snooping on Linux packaged as a Go
library.

exectrace loads a pre-compiled [eBPF program](./bpf/handler.c) into the running
kernel to receive details about the `exec` family of syscalls.

## Requirements

exectrace only supports Go 1.16+ and Linux kernel 5.8+ (due to the use of
`BPF_MAP_TYPE_RINGBUF`).

## Installation

```console
$ go get -u github.com/coder/exectrace
```

## Quickstart

You will need root access, `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` or `CAP_BPF`, to run eBPF programs on
your system.

> Use `go run -exec sudo ./cmd/program` to compile a program and
> start it with `sudo`

```console
$ go install -u github.com/coder/exectrace/cmd/exectrace
$ exectrace --help
...

$ sudo exectrace
2021/12/01 16:42:02 Waiting for events..
[1188921, comm="node", uid=1002, gid=1003] /bin/sh -c 'which ps'
[1188922, comm="sh", uid=1002, gid=1003] which ps
```

## Usage

exectrace exposes a minimal API surface. Call `exectrace.New(nil)` and then

> you can start `tracer.Read()`ing events from the returned `Tracer`.

Reviewer: I'd remove the `tracer.Read()`ing events in favor of `reading`. A bit cleaner.

> you can start `tracer.Read()`ing events from the returned `Tracer`.

Author: ```suggestion
you can start reading events from the returned `Tracer`.
```
